v2.1 Updated for PG11. ccp_wal_activity metric. Better file organizat… (#74)
CrunchyData/pgmonitor: CHANGELOG.md

### 2.1 

>  * **IMPORTANT UPGRADE NOTE FOR CRUNCHY PACKAGE USERS**: In version 2.0, the Crunchy provided extras for node_exporter were split out from the pg##-extras package. A dependency was kept between these packages to make upgrading easier. For 2.1, the dependency between these packages has been removed. When upgrading from 1.7 or less, if you have node_exporter and postgres_exporter running on the same systems, ensure that you install the separate node_exporters_extras package after the update. See the README for the full package name(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * **IMPORTANT UPGRADE NOTE FOR CRUNCHY PACKAGE USERS**: In version 2.0, the Crunchy provided extras for node_exporter were split out from the pgmonitor-pg##-extras package. A dependency was kept between these packages to make upgrading easier. For 2.1, the dependency between these packages has been removed. When upgrading from 1.7 or earlier, if you have node_exporter and postgres_exporter running on the same system, ensure that you install the separate node_exporters-extras package after the update. See the README for the full package name(s).
```

>  * **IMPORTANT UPGRADE NOTE FOR CRUNCHY PACKAGE USERS**: In version 2.0, the Crunchy provided extras for node_exporter were split out from the pg##-extras package. A dependency was kept between these packages to make upgrading easier. For 2.1, the dependency between these packages has been removed. When upgrading from 1.7 or less, if you have node_exporter and postgres_exporter running on the same systems, ensure that you install the separate node_exporters_extras package after the update. See the README for the full package name(s).

Reviewer: That line change fixes the three typos Yogesh found, using "1.7 or earlier" as my preferred way to refer to old versions.  To be honest I mainly did that to see if Github's new Beta feature for inline code suggestions was useful or not.

>  * **IMPORTANT UPGRADE NOTE FOR CRUNCHY PACKAGE USERS**: In version 2.0, the Crunchy provided extras for node_exporter were split out from the pg##-extras package. A dependency was kept between these packages to make upgrading easier. For 2.1, the dependency between these packages has been removed. When upgrading from 1.7 or less, if you have node_exporter and postgres_exporter running on the same systems, ensure that you install the separate node_exporters_extras package after the update. See the README for the full package name(s).

Author: Fixed. Will push out in PR update later today

>  * Minium required versions of software used in pgmonitor have been updated to: Prometheus 2.5.0, Prometheus Alertmanager 0.15.3, postgres_exporter 0.4.7 (enables full PG11 support) & Grafana 5.3.4.

Reviewer 2: Typo "Minium" -> "Minimum"

This line required "if you have node_exporter and postgres_exporter running on the same systems," ?
Based on dependency, it will auto pull node_exporter, correct ? If this was the case, it means both were on same serve, agree ?

May be make bullet list for software version for better readability.
* Prometheus 2.5.0
* Prometheus Alertmanager 0.15.3
* postgres_exporter 0.4.7 (enables full PG11 support)
* Grafana 5.3.4.

Author: Fixed and will change to bullet list

>  * Fixed Grafana data source to use the "proxy" mode instead of "direct" with default install. Should fix issues encountered with the default setup when Grafana is not installed on the same system as Prometheus.

Reviewer 2: I think issue is not this one "when Grafana is not installed on the same system as Prometheus."

Issue with direct mode is that browser client will try to access prometheus over network and may fail if prometheus port is not opened which may be case when both are installed on same system as well when grafana and prometheus are behind corporate firewall and browser client outside.

Author: Ok. Reworded to:
```
 * Fixed Grafana data source to use the "proxy" mode instead of "direct" with default install. Should fix connection issues encountered during default setup between Grafana & Prometheus.
```

>  * Renamed functions_pg##.sql file to setup_pg##.sql to better clarify what it's for (and because it's not just functions).

Author: The way our setup works, the function creation requires that the users be created first so that privileges are set properly. We could document that one must be run before the other, but probably better for user-friendliness that it just exist in one file.

>  * Renamed functions_pg##.sql file to setup_pg##.sql to better clarify what it's for (and because it's not just functions).

Reviewer 2: User creation will only executed during install where as function may get updated with new releases. Having both in single file will generate unnecessary errors message or failure.

>  * Renamed functions_pg##.sql file to setup_pg##.sql to better clarify what it's for (and because it's not just functions).

Author: Well, as of 10+, there hasn't been a need for functions anymore. So the setup is basically user creation right now anyway. If we end up needing any functions in the future, we can split it up then.

>  * Renamed functions_pg##.sql file to setup_pg##.sql to better clarify what it's for (and because it's not just functions).

Reviewer 2: We are changing functions "Note that for PG96 and lower, a new security definer function must be added (can just run setup_pg##.sql again). "

>  * Renamed functions_pg##.sql file to setup_pg##.sql to better clarify what it's for (and because it's not just functions).

Author: I meant changes for 10+. With the way things are changing for monitoring permissions built into core in more recent versions, I don't see us needing any for the foreseeable future and these old function requirements will be gone. If we add any for 10+, we can see about splitting things up then.

>  * Added ccp_wal_activity metric to help monitor WAL generation rate. 

Author: Will grab some. Thanks for reminder!

>  * Added ccp_wal_activity metric to help monitor WAL generation rate. 

Author: I need to get some pictures for another project in the near future as well. Working on making some activity for a good screenshot and will add the new pictures in a future update.
